[Music]
foreign
mommy hello mr jackson sam man
so let's look at what you got okay
[Music]
are these just normally out like this
yeah
wow it's concrete actually and so far
i like our people very resilient
each person each sculpture has a story
so this is a story of the people who are
on those ships
yeah so right ahead this is the enslaved
african section
in total i'm hoping to have eleven
thousand one hundred and eleven figures
how many are you know currently we have
about close two thousand five hundred
wow
traditionally in african art and african
region the head represents
everything your soul your being it has
your eyes
and you can have all the expressions and
it is considered the seat of your soul
so in the faces you can see
the identity you can see that
these people were actually living beings
and you can relate to them
and it's that that i'm trying to capture
so who are these faces well these are
faces of actual people that i meet that
i find
interesting people that are i'm hoping
look like their
ancestors who were captured enslaved
from the motherland
from africa
[Music]
i'm trying to have as many faces as
possible
hopefully you can see your uncle in
there you can see your kid brother and
then you can also see your mother
yeah it's crazy because i can just look
in just one section right here
and i can identify people that i know
it's painful because it's about these
people that have become
insignificant over the years and that is
exactly why i'm doing this trying to
get a piece of all of these people back
you